{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh20160\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Tonic by Brianna Hartner\
\
\
	You've needed extra cash and this science lab was willing to pay good money for you to be a 'test bunny'. You took this chemical mixture but it did nothing at first so the scientists left you alone in the test room until later on. After an hour you end up being shrunk to three inches tall. You now realize how serious these scientists are and you must figure out how to get yourself back to normal proportions and escape the lab. You must first escape the Test Room by creating an Arm Thingy out of a Spatula, Pair of Tongs, and a Clamp. Once through the Big Metal Door, you have two options. First you can either go straight to the Chemical Lab or you can climb up into the Trash Can. The benefit of going into the trash can is that there is a note written by one of the scientists with the combination of chemicals for the potion to enlarge yourself. Otherwise you enter the Chemical Lab and you must collect Sugar, Spice, Chemical X, Mercury, and Potassium from both the shelf (or "edge") and the refrigerator (or "cool zone"). You can then mix chemicals inside the bowl provided on the counter (or "Whitescale") and come upon 11 unique transformations. If you mix together Magnesium, Potassium, and Chemical X, you become big again. Once you are big you must grab the lab coat from on top of the refrigerator and then go out into the hall. There is a scientist there and in order to talk to him, you must have the lab coat. You need to talk to the scientist to figure out how to open the exit door. The last puzzle is to figure out where the scientist put his id in order for you to open the door. After finding the id in the trash can, you are able to open the door and rid of the Science Lab forever.\
\
Alternate Ending #1:\
\
If you choose to mix sugar, spice, and chemical x, you become a power puff girl!! This gives you the ability to fly as well as the option to fly out the window and live the rest of your life as a power puff girl.\
\
Alternate Ending #2:\
\
If you choose to mix mercury, chemical x, and sugar, you become a mutant. As a mutant slug crocodile thing, you now notice a drain in the middle of the chemical lab. You can choose to exit through this drain and live your life in the sewers as well as later attack the science lab with your sewer friends. \
\
Beta testing helped me a lot with spelling and grammar errors as well as help me see the areas where the game wasn't playable or where it didn't make sense. It really helped me see how other people phrase certain commands. For the longest time I didn't realize that you could "go through" a door, so I wouldn't program for that action, only if the player typed "n" "s" "e" or "w". \
\
A lot of effort went into this project. Whenever I opened my laptop, I would work on it. In between doing other homework, I would work on it. Even when I was away from my laptop, I would think about how to make my game better. I realize that I didn't commit as often as I should because it showed that I only committed once every other day although I was working on it constantly. I only wanted to commit when I was done fixing a problem or finished creating a new puzzle/object/aspect of the game, even though the game compiled. I probably rewrote everything I originally wrote, just to make it better or because the next part of my game needed it to change. The most difficult thing was getting the mixing to work. Although Mrs. Kiang sent me an example of how to do it, I had to tweak it to make it fit my game; other than change the ingredients, I had to change the coding several times to make it do as I wanted. For example, I wanted the player to keep the ingredients after he/she mixed it into a potion.}